hello welcome on coco phone continues a little bit our discoveries
feeding but the doubs or act and more with the straw 1200 of corsair in
block
gold which proposes as its name the indicated of 1200 watts two powers
a block will argue with a configuration ie a professor
in ex aequo gold from intel center not less than two gtx 580
story to do without putting a little bit of powder so of course unpacking
that his son had as usual one is always fighting with
luc thibault watts
meteonews 20 arrived because at the farm you know that unpacking
we love it
to have
while the baumette the second round is not yet causing a lot of scoring
to spend with us
m
a little gem
very complete that explains you
what you have as food
a small notice
which is the same for 750 850 and 1200 watts
then a big foam protection that cash
unanimous
in a small bag
all of them say both surprised heavy half-time
a bag for cables
the different small necklace of corsair stickers affixed on
your turn and of course the screws
the block always dance or go on sale alone separate from the race your
boxes that comes out of women who little quiet and work in from
best conditions
we will start with apple blocks background of itself
we you alain's men is really super nice it's treatment
very upscale by doing what to do a little
plastic protection
keaton the Cuban people on the pay not really not part of the group
huge
for the senator 120 millimeters this is rather classic
we have more difference stickers
of the brand that teach us
in the company of his veil that plummets a little water being to know that we are
well in front of a block
in the back we have all the connectors for the different cables we see that
the power supply and that really is worth modular even for the 24-pin
and for him he does not know anymore
but we can even talk about him he does not know more about this model
in the back we do not have a big moral blow the power supply p
a dozen grid
but bees
for the technical characteristics
we'll give you that right away we have not got too much of this barter 30 amp a
30 amp symbol
flight settings from east only
his poor friend 1200 watts
short three times nothing will be able the other two
enjoying the fatigue bag
with always
cable cable and cable
in place as quickly as possible the cables on the Corsican in addition to his
match
thomas a little bit a lot gold for example we can you
to say albi pinera
so following a hand
pci express
2nd 6 8 tons pci express
a third
if following a small pass a fourth 6 8 m
pci express
can we continue
we were at the 3 4
fifth it's just a small pass
a sixth 6 8me that cilic is happening
we stop there for him
six factories in a row because they already give us three graphics cards
in the evening then we have
cables arcand catus pine cpu and quickly leaving a cpu
we have our little 24 pins
for the city and then we have flat cables
for the different crises molex eric sottas as well as we have a lot of
things and as always at corsair we have an excellent finish with the help of
cable that is
Gainey
although we must but we do not have the range that has passed this time
while on other models we had this range that was glued
as follows 6 th
we're going to stop there for this year we're preparing the tese soon with of course
the corsair
to a crown pro she on 1200 watts alas a quest
she draws a lesson so
3600 votes
on the farm it will be soon